Adjustments to Solo Stacking Page (#1688)
stacks-network/docs: guides-and-tutorials/stack-stx/stacking-flow.md

   2. Your signer signature
8. Finally, make a Stacking transaction using the signer key and signer signature.

> Now that you have your signer signature generated, it's time to start stacking. This process will vary depending on your chosen method. We've included instructions for solo stacking using [Lockstacks](https://lockstacks.com) below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now that you have your signer signature generated, it's time to start stacking. This process will vary depending on your chosen method. We've included instructions for solo stacking using [Leather Earn](https://earn.leather.io/sign-in?chain=mainnet) below.
```
